# 🧑🏫 Mentors

During the hackathon, mentors from various fields and projects will be available to assist you with your projects. If you have a question, you can ask them in the [Telegram group](https://t.me/+2bPk0y1790JkMTE0) on the "**Ask a Mentor**" channel. If your question is specific to a particular project or sponsor bounty, you can tag the mentor in the group chat.

If a mentor is currently unavailable, please respect their privacy and seek support from someone else. There will always be someone available from the start of the hackathon until the project application deadline. Some of the mentors will also be available to help in person, but please seek help in the group chat by default.

It's best to seek advice early on to learn and build more efficiently. This applies not only to coding but also to generating ideas, understanding concepts, and improving design and presentation.

_To ensure a fair and respectful environment for all participants, please refrain from sharing mentors' contact information or reaching out to them with unsolicited requests or unrelated matters. Violating this rule may result in disqualification from the hackathon. Thank you for your cooperation in respecting the privacy of our mentors._

{% hint style="info" %}
The list of mentors is still being updated, and there will be more to come. Please note that the list is subject to change.
{% endhint %}

<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th width="281">Expertise/Skills</th><th>Telegram</th><th>Availability</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Muhammed Tanrıkulu</td><td><strong>ENS</strong> - ENS and web3 identities in general</td><td>md_tanrikulu</td><td>All 3 days</td></tr><tr><td>Adam Sobotka</td><td>JavaScript, web3 libs, UX, Prototyping</td><td>Vorcigernix</td><td>All 3 days</td></tr><tr><td>Laurence Kirk</td><td><strong>Entropy.io</strong> - Solidity and Zero Knowledge Proofs</td><td>LaurenceKirk</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Naim Ashab </td><td><strong>PWN</strong></td><td>ashhanai</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mathieu Saugier</td><td><strong>Nethermind</strong> - Cairo / Starknet</td><td>enitrat</td><td>reach out via telegram</td></tr><tr><td>Daniel K.</td><td><strong>Taiko</strong> - protocol development, Solidity, design, tokenomics, simulations</td><td>zombiwagen90210</td><td>9am - 7pm in person and via Telegram</td></tr><tr><td>Dave </td><td><strong>Taiko</strong> </td><td>d1onys1us</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Marcus Wentz</td><td><strong>Taiko</strong> - Solidity, Foundry, Hardhat, Javascript, Go, Rust, Robotics, Oracles</td><td>MarcusWentz</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Piotr Monwid-Olechnowicz</td><td><strong>The Graph</strong> - Front-end development (TypeScript and React)</td><td>hasparus</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Tadeo</td><td><strong>Phoenix Labs</strong> - Spark, Maker, DeFi, data analytics, LLMs</td><td>tadeongmi</td><td>All 3 days, 24hrs </td></tr><tr><td>CJ Rose</td><td><strong>Privacy &#x26; Scaling Exploration</strong> - Frontend, app design, Zero knowledge</td><td>cjRose853</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Madalina Raicu</td><td><strong>Vega Protocol</strong></td><td>madalinaray</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Nate Henderson</td><td>System design and tokenomics</td><td>EatSleepCrypto</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Nic</td><td>Smart contracts Auditor</td><td>nicoffline</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Atris</td><td>Fullstack web development and its connection to web3 - ethers/viem etc.</td><td>vacekj</td><td>Sat and Sun available on TG and also on premises</td></tr><tr><td>Estevan Vilar </td><td><strong>MatterLab</strong> - Community Manager @ zkSync/Matter Labs; Expertise: Machine-Learning, Data-Analytics (Python); Community Building, and open-source development; Basic Development on zkSync Era;</td><td>zkSisyfos </td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Anastasiia Vashchuk </td><td><strong>MatterLab</strong> - software engineer(stack: rust, typescript) + applied math geek</td><td>annastasyyaaa</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Tom Teman</td><td><strong>Account Abstraction</strong></td><td>tomteman</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Alexander Forsthat</td><td><strong>Account Abstraction</strong></td><td>forshtat</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Vlad</td><td><strong>NEAR</strong></td><td>frolvlad</td><td>All 3 days, 24hrs</td></tr><tr><td>Philippe</td><td><strong>Gnosis</strong></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ben </td><td><strong>API3</strong> </td><td>kenkarvez </td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Jiri Herzan </td><td><strong>API3</strong> - Product Lead</td><td>jherzan</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ugur</td><td><strong>API3</strong> - oracles</td><td>ugurmersin_61</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Philippe Schommers </td><td><strong>Gnosis</strong> - TPM Core Devs</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ekaterina Sergeeva</td><td><strong>Gateway</strong> - Developer Advocate</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ali Nuraldin</td><td>Solution Architecture, Solidity, Full-Stack Development, Derivatives, DeFi</td><td>Ali_run</td><td>Available on premises and online whole 3 days</td></tr><tr><td>Viraz</td><td>Shell Protocol - smart contract aficionado &#x26; evm nerd</td><td>Viraz04</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Chainsafe</strong></td><td></td><td></td><td>Will be providing mentorship virtually through their Discord</td></tr></tbody></table>

